Air pollution is one of the most serious problemsin the world. It refers to the contamination of the atmoshere b harmful chemicals orbioloicalmaterials Accordin to the WorldsWorst Poluted Pacesp by Blaycksmith lnstitute in 2O0d,twog of  the worst .pollution pgroblems in the world are uban air quality and ndoor air pollution. To solve the problem of air pollution, its necessary to  understand the issues and look for was to counter itSothe aim of ourroject is to collect air  poluton statistics and analyze it to check it the level .of d,iferent pollutan tsp in air is controlled or check for pattems in the riselfall in the level of different pollutants and extract more of such meaningful information.

ProdlemStatement:- Airpoluton is one of th mst seroussproblens the work. trees o the contamination of the atmosphere by harmful chemicals o biological materials. Acooodingt he Word West Routed Places Blacksmith nsiutein2Of, wo the worstpolluton problems in the world are un a play andidoor ai portion To sovethe problem ofaipoluton, ts needy toundestad he ses nd lookfor ways counter it, the aim of output is ooolleet ai portion statistics and analyze to check f the level feet mutants air is contoledor check fo https in te idea  i te level of  ffset plans andetaat moe of uch meninguli nfformaion.

The project  aims at developing affine Handwritten Gujarati ScriptRecognitionsysem which can be effectively used for recognizing handwritten Gujarat in scripts.The system wlltake an image  input which can be ofanystandard format such as pg.nzetc, which will de then be pre-processed,then passed to the recognized which will extractthe text  nd output through our app. The system wil table to recognize gujarat of different hand writings and wil save overall ime of physical to digital conversion

The user task The user of a retrievalsystem has too translate misinformation ned into a query in the language provided ythesystem. Consider now a user who has interest which either poor defined which s inherently road. For instance,the user might be interested in documents  boutcar racing in general. .Then he also startsreading about car manufacturing counties,then he  might land up for tourism in France.In this station, we say thattheuseris drowsngtthe documents n the collection, notsearching.

The project  aims at developing affine Handwritten Gujarati ScriptRecognitionsysem which can be effectively used for recognizing  handwritten Gujarat in scripts