Air pollution is one of the most serious problemsin the world. It refers to the contamination of the atmoshere b harmful chemicals orbioloicalmaterials Accordin to the WorldsWorst Poluted Pacesp by Blaycksmith lnstitute in 2O0d,twog of  the worst .pollution pgroblems in the world are uban air quality and ndoor air pollution. To solve the problem of air pollution, its necessary to  understand the issues and look for was to counter itSothe aim of ourroject is to collect air  poluton statistics and analyze it to check it the level .of d,iferent pollutan tsp in air is controlled or check for pattems in the riselfall in the level of different pollutants and extract more of such meaningful information.


The project  aims at developing affine Handwritten Gujarati Script
Recognitionsysem which can be effectively used for recognizing handwritten 
Gujarat in scripts.The system wlltake an image  input which can be ofanystandard format such as pg.nzetc, which will de then be pre-processed,then passed to the recognized which will extractthe text  nd 
output through our app. The system wil table to recognize gujarat of different hand writings and wil save overall ime of physical to digital conversion

The user task The user of a retrievalsystem has too translate misinformation ned into a query in the language provided ythesystem. Consider now a user who has interest which either poor defined which s inherently road. For instance,the user might be interested in documents  boutcar racing in general. .Then he also startsreading about car manufacturing counties,then he  might land up for tourism in France.In this station, we say thattheuseris drowsngtthe documents n the collection, notsearching.

The project  aims at developing affine Handwritten Gujarati ScriptRecognitionsysem which can be effectively used for recognizing  handwritten Gujarat in scripts


The color of animals is by no means a matter of chance; it depends on many considerations, but in the majority of cases tends to protect the animal from danger by rendering it less conspicuous. Perhaps it may be said that if coloring is mainly protective, there ought to be but few brightly colored animals. There are, however, not a few cases in which vivid colors are themselves protective. The kingfisher itself, though so brightly colored, is by no means easy to see. The blue harmonizes with the water, and the bird as it darts along the stream looks almost like a flash of sunlight. Desert animals are generally the color of the desert. Thus, for instance, the lion, the antelope, and the wild donkey are all sand-colored. “Indeed,” says Canon Tristram, “in the desert, where neither trees, brushwood, nor even undulation of the surface afford the slightest protection to its foes, a modification of color assimilated to that of the surrounding country is absolutely necessary. Hence, without exception, the upper plumage of every bird, and also the fur of all the smaller mammals and the skin of all the snakes and lizards, is of one uniform sand color.” The next point is the color of the mature caterpillars, some of which are brown. This probably makes the caterpillar even more conspicuous among the green leaves than would otherwise be the case. Let us see, then, whether the habits of the insect will throw any light upon the riddle. What would you do if you were a big caterpillar? Why, like most other defenseless creatures, you would feed by night, and lie concealed by day. So do these caterpillars. When the morning light comes, they creep down the stem of the food plant, and lie concealed among the thick herbage and dry sticks and leaves, near the ground, and it is obvious that under such circumstances the brown color really becomes a protection. It might indeed be argued that the caterpillars, having become brown, concealed themselves on the ground, and that we were reversing the state of things. But this is not so, because, while we may say as a general rule that large caterpillars feed by night and lie concealed by day, it is by no means always the case that they are brown; some of them still retaining the green color. We may then conclude that the habit of concealing themselves by day came first, and that the brown color is a later adaptation.


Man's best friend has historically been considered a dog. But dogs are not the only animal friend whose camaraderie people enjoy. For many people, a cat is their best friend. Despite what dog lovers may believe, cats make excellent house pets because they are good companions, they are civilized members of the household, and they are easy to care for. Let me tell you why. Cats are good companions. They will snuggle up and ask to be petted or scratched under the chin, and who can resist a purring cat? If they're not feeling affectionate, cats are generally quite playful; they love to chase balls and feathers — or just about anything dangling from a string. And when they’re tired from chasing laser pointers, cats will curl up in your lap to nap. Cats are loyal housemates. Cats are also civilized housemates. Unlike dogs, cats don’t bark or make other loud noises; most cats don't even meow that often. Cats don't usually have accidents; mother cats train their kittens to use the litter box, and most cats will use it without fail from that time on. Cats do have claws, but a tall scratching post in a favorite cat area of the house will often keep the cat content to leave the furniture alone. Compared with other pets, cats are actually quite polite. Cats are easy to care for. They don’t have to be walked because they get plenty of exercise in the house as they play. Even cleaning their litter box can be a quick, painless procedure. Cats also take xare of their own grooming; bathing a cat is almost never necessary because under ordinary circumstances cats clean themselves. Cats are so easy to care for they can be left home alone for a few hours without fear. Cats are low maintenance, civilized zompanions. People who have small living quarters appreciate having a cat. People who have less time for pet care appreciate having a cat. However, even people who have plenty of space and time still opt to have a cat because they love the cat personality. In many ways, cats are an ideal house pet. 